README.md, before:

# Options Pricing Tool
This project is an **Options Pricing Tool** designed to price, compare and visualise options with different models and methods 

## Features
- **Options Pricing**: Calculates and displays call and put option prices based on user inputs
- **Heatmap Visualisation**: Provides heatmaps to visualise option prices for real-time sensitivity analysis
- **User Input Management**: Allows users to input and adjust variables such as spot price, strike price, volatility and more

## Planned Features
- **Support for Various Pricing Models**: Integrate multiple option pricing models such as Black-Scholes, Binomial and Monte Carlo simulations
- **Advanced Visualisations**:Include additional charts and graphs for deeper analysis of option pricing trends

## Technology Stack
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![ReactJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactJs-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-257bd6?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![img.png](img.png)

Commit message:

initial delta API and charts

README.md, after:

# Options Pricing Tool
This project is an **Options Pricing Tool** designed to price, compare and visualise options with different models and methods 

## Features
- **Options Pricing**: Calculates and displays call and put option prices based on user inputs
- **Heatmap Visualisation**: Provides heatmaps to visualise option prices for real-time sensitivity analysis
- **Greeks calculation and visualisations**: Greeks such as Delta, Gamma, Theta, Vega, and Rho are calculated and visualized for better insights into option sensitivities

## Planned Features
- **Support for Various Pricing Models**: Integrate multiple option pricing models such as Black-Scholes, Binomial and Monte Carlo simulations
- **Advanced Visualisations**: Include additional charts and graphs for deeper analysis of option pricing trends

## Technology Stack
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![ReactJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactJs-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-257bd6?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![img.png](img.png)
